Support VisionEncoderDecoderModel and add an example (#70)
huggingface/optimum-intel: examples/neural_compressor/optical-character-recognition/README.md

<!---
Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Optical Character Recognition

> The script [`run_trocr.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/examples/neural_compressor/optical-character-recognition/run_trocr.py)

Reviewer: I would rename the script to run_ocr.py in order to match what we currently have in the examples. And in the case we currently can only use TrOCR models I would specify it in the README

Author: Done

> allows us to apply different quantization approaches (such as dynamic, static and aware-training quantization) as well as pruning 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows us to apply different quantization approaches (such as dynamic and static quantization) 
```

using the [Intel Neural Compressor ](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor) library for optical character recognition tasks and [IAM](https://fki.tic.heia-fr.ch/databases/iam-handwriting-database) datasets.

Note that this case is from https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TrOCR/Evaluating_TrOCR_base_handwritten_on_the_IAM_test_set.ipynb.

## Prepare datasets
```bash
wget https://layoutlm.blob.core.windows.net/trocr/dataset/IAM.tar.gz
tar xvf IAM.tar.gz
```

## Run Command
The following example applies post-training static quantization on TrOCR small fine-tuned on the IAM dataset.
```bash
python run_trocr.py \
    --model_name_or_path microsoft/trocr-small-handwritten \
    --datasets_dir IAM \
    --apply_quantization \
    --quantization_approach static \

>     --verify_loading \

Reviewer: Do we need to set a `tolerance_criterion` value in order to not do multiple quantizartion passes ? (which could take some time)

Author: Hi, Ella, I set max_eval_samples to save the tuning time. Is it OK?

Reviewer: Thanks for adding `max_eval_samples`  it's very useful. I think we can still add a `tolerance_criterion` in the README (in order for user to not have to wait too much) but I don't have a strong opinion on this so I am ok with keeping it like this if you prefer it this way

Author: Yes, I had added max_eval_samples and tolerance_criterion.  Thanks!

    --output_dir /tmp/trocr_output
```

> In order to apply dynamic, static or aware-training quantization, `quantization_approach` must be set to 
> respectively `dynamic`, `static` or `aware_training`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to apply dynamic and static quantization, `quantization_approach` must be set to 
respectively `dynamic` or `static`.
```

limitations under the License.
-->

# Optical Character Recognition

The script [`run_ocr.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/examples/neural_compressor/optical-character-recognition/run_ocr.py)
allows us to apply different quantization approaches (such as dynamic and static quantization) 
using the [Intel Neural Compressor ](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor) library for optical character recognition tasks and [IAM](https://fki.tic.heia-fr.ch/databases/iam-handwriting-database) datasets.

Note that this case is from https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TrOCR/Evaluating_TrOCR_base_handwritten_on_the_IAM_test_set.ipynb, And it only support TrOCR models.

## Prepare datasets
```bash
wget https://layoutlm.blob.core.windows.net/trocr/dataset/IAM.tar.gz
tar xvf IAM.tar.gz
```

## Run Command
The following example applies post-training static quantization on TrOCR small fine-tuned on the IAM dataset.
```bash
python run_ocr.py \
    --model_name_or_path microsoft/trocr-small-handwritten \
    --datasets_dir IAM \
    --apply_quantization \
    --quantization_approach static \

>     --max_eval_samples 1000 \

Reviewer: Would it be reasonable to reduce the number of `max_eval_samples` ? (to something like 500), otherwise evaluation can take quite some time

Author: Had set to 500.
